♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Zuma] "Pups Save a Walrus."
[barks] Shovel!
Scoop and toss.
Ready for a basket, Rocky?
Ready!
[barks]
Incoming.
Nothing but bin.
[screams]
[barks] Pincers.
[barks]
This is the best Adventure Bay
Clean Up Beach Day yet!
Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
The beach really needs it.
The wind from the storm
blew over almost all the recycle bins.
I wonder who's going to win the prize
for best beach picker-upper.
[all howl]
Mmm… I wanna win that bone.
Whoa!
You have to beat me first.
I'm a beach cleaning machine.
[gasps]
[both bark]
[grunts]
[both] Whoa!
[whirring]
You guys went right past these
without picking them up.
You'll never win the bone like that.
[barks]
Hey, Wally! Sorry, buddy.
No treats right now.
I'm cleaning this stuff out of the water.
[barks]
-[laughs]
-[barks]
Okay, if you're going to help,
I guess I owe you.
-How about a clam?
-[grunts]
Here you go, buddy!
[belches]
[laughs]
Wow! Great trick! Do another.
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
I love the Wally spinner!
[barks]
What else you got?
[inhales]
Oh, holding your breath.
That's a new trick.
Huh, that's a pretty long time, Wally.
Wally?
I think that's long enough, Wally.
Where are you, buddy?
[inhales]
[gurgling] Wally!
Hang on! I'll get help!
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Ryder, Cap'n Turbot here.
Hi, Cap'n. What's up?
It's Wally. Well, he's not up.
He's down, down deep underwater,
and well, he's not coming up!
I don't understand. Wally's underwater?
Yes. I think he's stuck.
Walruses can hold
their breath a long time, but not forever.
-Can you help make sure Wally's okay?
-Don't worry, Cap'n.
The PAW Patrol is on the way.
[beeps]
-[beeps]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Whoa! [grunts]
[grunts]
[echoing] I'm coming!
[all barking]
-Whoa!
-Look out!
[grunts]
Hey, it's not so crowded up here.
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
-[beeps]
-Okay, PAW Patrol,
we really got to move this time.
Wally the Walrus took a deep dive,
near Cap'n Turbot's boat
and is still underwater.
Walruses can hold
their breath a long time, but not forever.
[all gasp]
[beeps]
Zuma, I need you and your scuba gear
to dive under with me to find Wally.
Let's dive in!
[beeps]
Chase, I need you and your winch,
in case we need help bringing him ashore.
Chase is on the case!
Everyone else, help finish the clean up.
And win that bone.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoo, yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Yay! [barks]
-[barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[howls]
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-Yes!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-[siren blaring]
[tires squeal]
Chase, head for the beach!
You got it, Ryder,
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy.
[beeps]
I'm on shore
across from Turbot's boat, Ryder.
[Ryder] Roger, Chase.
Stand by until we figure out
what's wrong with Wally.
Ryder, Zuma,
thanks for getting here so fast.
Don't worry, Cap'n. We'll find Wally.
Ready, Zuma?
Ready, set, get wet.
[Cap'n Turbot] Go, PAW…
Patrol.
[grunting]
[whimpers]
Zuma, the net leads down there.
It's stuck on that anchor.
[barks]
[whale sings]
Ryder!
Come on, Wally, buddy.
You can do it. I know you can do it.
Wally?
-[gasps]
-[barks]
Wally, you made it!
[barks]
♪ Yes, I knew you could do it ♪
♪ Well, I didn't know it, know it
But I knew it ♪
[laughs]
Wally's too twisted up
in that old fishing net.
I can't get the big dude loose.
Hmm…
Let's use Chase's winch
to pull Wally to shore.
We can untangle him there.
Great plan. I'm on it.
Chase! Ryder needs your winch!
Okay. Winch! [barks]
Go long!
Got it.
Good work, Zuma. Just in time.
[inhales]
Chase!
Bring him in slow!
Winch motor! [barks]
Yeah! Way to go! Whoo-hoo!
[grunting]
Whoa!
-Wally, you're safe!
-[barks]
I was so worried.
[barks]
Hurray! Whoo-hoo!
[both laugh]
Thanks, Ryder,
and you too, Zuma and Chase.
-You saved Wally!
-[barks]
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
[howls]
[barks]
Ryder, look, sixteen recycle bins.
[Ryder] Wow, Rocky.
You collected that all by yourself?
Well, I did have a little help.
That's the recycling
we all collected together, Ryder.
That's right. Like I promised,
the hardest working pup
deserves a bone.
[all] Mmm…
-Mmm…
-Mmm….
-Well, they were all really good pups.
-Yeah!
-[barks]
[all whimper]
[all cheering]
-I got it! I got it!
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[laughs]
There's nothing like the Wally spinner!
[all laugh]
[theme music playing]